It used to be that people were pround to work for the same company for the whole of their working lives. They'd get a gold watch at the end of their productive years and a dinner featuring speeches by their bosses praising their layatly. But today's rich capitalists have regressed to the "survial of the fittest" ideas and their loyalty extends not to their workers or even to their stockholdedrs but only to themselves. Instead of giving out gold watches worth a hundred or so dollars for torty or so years of work, they grab tens and even hundreds of millions of dollars as they sell for their own profit the company they may have been with for only a few years.


The new rich selfishly act on their own to unfairly grab the wealth that the country as a whole has produced. The top I percent of the population now has wealth qqual to the whole bottom 95 percent and they want more . Their selfishness is most shamelessly expressed in downsizing and outsourcing because these business maneuvers don't act to create new jobs as the founders of new industries used to do, but only to cut out jobs while keeping the money value of what those jobs produced for themselves.


To keep the money machine working smoothly the rich have rich have bought all the politicians from the top down. The president himself is constantly leaving Washington and the business of the nation because he is summoned to "fundraaising dinners" where fat cats pay a thousand or so dollars a plate to worm their way into government not though service but though donations of vast amounts of money. Once on the inside they have both political busily tearing up all the regulations that protect the rest of us from the greed of the rich.

The middle class used to be layal to the free enterprise system. In the past, the people of the middle class mostly thought they'd be rich themselves someday or have a good shot an becoming rich. But nowdays income is being distributied more and more unevently and corporate loyalty is a thing of the past. The middle class way also wake up to forget its loyatly to the loyalty to the so-called free enterprise system altogether and the government which governs only the rest of us while letting the corporations do what they please with our jobs. As things stand , if somebody doesn't wake up, the middle class is on a path to being downsized al the way to the bottom of society.

