## New words and expressions
* I am found of this bedroom, which is big and well-lit.
* When Melissa came to this small town,she spent the whole aftermoon looking around.
* Does your rent include utilities such as electricity,water ane heat?
* Would gas be available for heating during winter?
* Garbage collection is a major problem in most cities around the world.


## Speaking naturally
* Hi, I'm Tom. I called you earlier to see the apartment.
* Nice to meet you, Mr.Miller. I've been waiting for you. This way, please. This apartment is well-decorated and well-lit. You can look around first.
* Thanks. How far is it from the nearest subway station?
* It's about a ten-minute walk to the nearest subway station. You can also find many buess near here. It's very convenient to go almost anythere.
* That's good. How much is the rent?
* Two thousand dollars a month.
* Well, are all the utilities included in the rent?
* Yes, the electrcity,water and gas are all included, but you need to pay for the garbage collection.
* OK, I will think about it and call you as soon as I make a decision.
* If you have any questions about the apartment, please call me anytime.

## Achievement
I want to rent an apartment. My house agent Julia shows me a well-decorated and well-lit one.  I look around the apartment and think it's a nice place.
Julia tells me I can find the subway station and many buses around there, so it's very convenient to go almost anythere. The rent is two thousand dollars a  month including all the utilities -- the electrcity, water and gas. I have to pay for garbage collection separately. I will think about it and call Julia later.
