## positive feedback 正向反馈
* Have you ever had any positive feedback from the customers about the product in this month?
* New graduates want to have success and need to receive positive feedback often.

## freight insurance 运费险
* Our company offers import and export freight insurance for customers, according to the insurance clauses.
* Company Delivery World offers services for air delivery and freight insurance.

## extra charge 额外收费
* You can have your meals in your room at a small extra charge.
* In this way, you can pay for purchases a month later, without any extra charge.

## ground transport 地面运输
* The new traffic rule helps a great deal to reduce to congestin of ground transport.
* Fares do not include ground transport service between airports or between airports and town terminals.

## freight collect 运费到付
* Our policy is normally to pay freight collect for our new samples.
* We hereby guarantee the payment of all freight collect charges due to quality problems.

## crarry out 实施
* How delighted I am to read that your cinema has got the money to carry out improvements.
* The president needs a clear head to carry out her instrucations.

## be found of 喜欢
* When would you be found of receiving the call?
* I am found of singing but do not regard it as a lifelong career.

## stock order 补充仓库订单
* Our products are so popular in African markets that we have received a number of stock orders this quarter.
* Complete application information is required for all systems purchased unless these systems are a stock order.
