## Pronunciciation practice
* pea bee
* pull bull
* park bark

## Key words and key sentences
* discover the beauty of   
Example: Dancing gives me a chance to discover the beauty of human bodies.
* kindergarten    
Example: When I was in kindergarten, my teacher taught me some dances movies.
* encourage   
Example: The government encourages everyone to protect our traditional culture.
* art form   
Example: Peking Opera is a kind of traditional art form in China.
* be into something   
Example: My brother is into ball games.
* grade   
Example: He always gets grades and rewards every semester.  
* be a good example to  
Example: My father is a good example to me.
* warm-hearted  
Example: My mom is a very warm-hearted woman. She cannot stop helping others.
* studies  
Example: My monther is strict with my studies.
* valuable  
Example: The most valuable thing I learned from my mom is her positive attitude towards life.

## IELTS Speaking Part 1
* Do you enjoy dancing? Why/why not?  
Yes, I like dancing very much. Dancing gives me the chance to discover the beauty of human bodies. It is also a good way to exercise.
* Has anyone ever taught you to dance?  
Yes, When I was in kindergarten, my teacher taught me some dance moves.
* Do you think that traditional dancing will be popular in the future? Why/why not?   
Yes, I think so, because the government encourages people to protect this arm form, and there are many young people learning it.

## Key Words and Key Sentences Review
Dancing gives me the chance to discover the beauty of human bodies. It is also a good way to exercise.  
When I was in kindergarten, my teacher tought me some dance moves.  
The government encourages people to protect this art form, and there are many yong people learning it.  



