A family member you like

## Read the task card for 10 seconds and get a general idea of this topic.
Describe someone in your family who you like.  
You should say:  
how this person is related to you. 
what this person looks like. 
what kind of person he/she is.  
and explain why you like this person.  

## Here are the two models for the IELTS Part 2. We will focus on the sentences highlighted below. Students are required to rectite these two models after class.
Who: I would say my cousin Mike is someone who is really like. Mike is my cousin on my dad's side.   

What he/she looks like: Mike is slim although he eats a lot. He has short black hair. He always has a big smile.

What kind of person he/she is: Mike is excellent in sports and in his studies. He is into ball games and he taught me how to play football when I was young. He always gets good grades in school. He is a kind person,too. He helps me all the time.

Why: I like him not only because he is good sportsman, but also because he has been a good example to me. He helps me and gives me suggestions when I am in trouble.

Conclusion: I like my cousin very much and we chat through QQ every day.

Who: I like my mom the most in my family. My mom is not only parent, but also my friend.

What he/she look like: She is a very beautiful and attractive lady. Mom is 45 years old. She is tall and slim. People always say that she looks like a model. She
has a smiling face and her eyes are like stars.

## Key sentences
Dancing gives me the chance to discover the beauty of human bobies. It is also a good way to exercise.

When I was in kindergarten, my teacher taught me some dance moves. 

The government encourage people to protect this art form, and there are many young people learning it.

I like him not noly because he is a good sportsman, but also because he has been a good example to me.

At the same time, she is very strict with me, especially with my studies.

She is always telling me that life isn't diffcult when you believe in yourself.
