where it should be
what type of house it would be
how you would decorate it
and explain why would like in this kind of home

I would like to live beside the sea.
I want to have two-story house , with a big bedroom.

I would like to decorate it with a princess style and make it look like a kingdom.
My big bedroom must have a large window. I can view the sea at anytime I want.
I will invite my friends here for fun; when Chrismas comes, I will put a big Chrismas tree in front of my house.

I would like to live beside the sea because I want to live far away from the city
so that I can have pease and quiet. I also want to have a good view with the beautiful
sky. When I have time, I will lie on the beach , and all my troubles will go away.

I'd like to have a house in a quiet area close to public transport.

I prefer living in a high-rise flat. I enjoy in living a flat where I can overlook the whole city. Meanwhile, it must be big enough for me and my family.

I would decorate my home in modern style. I'd like to paint the wall in my favourite
colours--blue and white. I will put a large-screen TV in the middle of the living room.
I want to have a garden downstairs, too, so that I can read books and drink tea in the garden.

My future ideal home must be quiet and convenient at the same time. I want to live
high-rise flat because it's quiet at night, and no one can disturb me when I am sleeping.
At the same time, it will be near public transport so that it will be convenient for me 
to go to work.


I usually hang out with my friends rather than family. My friends and I share a lot of 
the same interests and we have a lot in common.

I need leisure time to relax after a day of hard work. That way, I will be energetic for
the next day.

In the morning, I usually to to the supermarket for daily stuff. In the afternoon, I play badminton with my friends.

I would like to live beside the sea because I want to live far away from the city so that I can have peace and quiet.

I enjoy living in a flat where I can overlook the whole city.

My future ideal home must be quiet and convenient at the same time.




