Do you finish your work early?
Would you like to improve the way you work?
Empolyess who are productive at the office finish more work.
* Bosses usually like employees who are very productive.
* Your colleagues will want to work with you if you are productive.

You should take breaks so that you do not get too tired at the office.
* People who do not take breaks become tired and less productive.
* Take a short break to get some rest, exercise, or to eat some food.

Do not use your computer to go to Websites you do not need for your work.
* Only go to Websites that you need for work and will help you finish your work faster.
* Websites like Facebook and Twitter will not help you become productive.

Do not keep disstractions on your desk and around your room.
* Keep your phone on silent so that it is not a distractrion at the office.
* Tell your colleagues to keep quiet if their noise is a distraction.

Do not procrastinate if you habe a lot of things to do at the office.
* People who procrastinate usually finish their work late.
* Your boss will become angry if he or she sees that you procrastinate at the office.

Less productive employees often...
* Less productive employees often go to Website like Facebook and Twitter.
* Less productive employees often procrastinate and finish their work late.

How can we be more productive?
What can be distractions?
Your smartphone can be a distraction when you are doing work.Put it on silent so that is does not meke any noise when you are at the office.

Websites like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube are also distractions. Try not to go to these Websites when you are doing something important.

Some employees can be distractions at the office. Sometimes, they talk to you when you are busy or make too much noise.

Ask them to keep quiet if you are busy.

You should not have visitors at the office if you are trying  to finish work. Only talk to visitors if you are on a break or after office hours.

A dirsty desk can make you less productive. Keep your desk clean so that things are easy to find when you need them.

What are some distractions at the office?

Talk about distractions at the office. What should you do about these distractions?
Start on more work once you finish something. You can finish more work during the day if you do not procrastinate while you are at the office.

Learn to use your computer to help you finish your work. Many programs in your computer at the office can make your job easier.

It is not bad to take a break at the office if you are tird. Get a snack or exercise so that you can get a rest before you go back to work.

Make your job more fun if you find it boring. Try to listen to music on your earphones to help you finish work.

Make a plan that you can follow at the office. Think about the work that you need to finish first and do them right away.
What can you do to finish work faster at the office?

Talk about ways to be productive. What can you do to be more productive at the office?

