how do you make friends at your new job?

do you ask questions when you are at a new job?

Do not be afraid to adapt to a new job or to changes in your office.
	You must adapt so that you can do your job well.
	Adapt to your new boss and the people at your new office.

Be friends with your new workmates so that they can help you.
	Talk to your new workmates  during your lunch break.
	You can ask your new workmates if you have any questions.

Be patient with your new boss if he or she is very strict.
	Be patient with your workmates if they are hard to work with.
	Thank your workmates for being patient with you when you ask then for help.

Listen to any tips that might help you with your work.
	Ask your boss or workmates if they have any useful tips.
	Thand your workmates if they give you tios about the job.

Concentrate on your work instead of thinking about your old job.
	People at your office will like you if you concentrate on your job and do it well.
	Concentrate on learning so that youcan adapt to your new job easily.

Try not to think about how good or bad your old job was. Concentrate on doing your work excelently and adapting to your new job.

There might be more work at your new office . Be patient when your boss gives you a lot of things to do.

Do not be afraid to ask questions when you do not know something. Asking questions will help you avoid mistakes at your new job.

Know the rules of your new office. Read the handbook and listen carefully during the orientation.




